# CIS-106-Ivan-Lopez-Torres
## Assignment 1
My name is Ivan Lopez and I'm pursuing a software engineer degree. I always found coding fascinating and challenging. This is why I decided to pursue a career in this field. After changing my degree a few times I can say that I found the right field for me. The harder the challenge is, the more effort and excitement I put into it. I tried to learn coding on my own a few times and it can be pretty difficult at times, but I know that after this course, I will be ready to step it up to the next level.

## Assignment 2
I selected Python as my programming language because I have experienced it and play with this language from time to time on different apps and tutorials. I believe Python is the easiest programming language there is. If I learn how to use Python as my first programming language,  it will be easier for me to merge into a different programming language. I'd like to eventually learn C++ and HTML. I tested OnlineGDB since it was recommended for this assignment, but I might look into Visual studio since it is free. It was also recommended by friends who are also into learning programming languages.

## Assignment 3
This assignment was challenging for me. Attention to detail was an important factor for me to finished the assignments. Everything has an order and that's where I failed. We all learn from our mistakes. Data types, identifier names, and data type conversations were my favorite subjects in this chapter. I had some knowledge about these subjects, but it was until this course that I got to experience more with them. I'm hoping to learn more about attention to detail and data types, so that in the future it will be easier for me to identify errors and be able to avoid them too.

## Assignment 4
On these new assignments, I got to experience more with Python and atom as my IDE. I did not want to do too much work with Flowgorithem because I wanted to get hands-on the real stuff. Other programs like Flowgorithem bring a clear picture, but again. I want to get used to the challenge and the errors. There is an error that I remember having, and it was space in between logical parts of the code. I struggle so much to understand what that meant. Issues like this are what I'm going to face in these courses. I wish I would have more time to spend on these assignments. Looking forward to learning more in this course. 

## Assignment 5
On these new assignments, I got to experience more with functions. In my opinion, functions are so cool and make everything more organized. As always attention to detail plays a big role in programming. I believe I'm getting a lot better at identifying my errors before jumping to the wrong conclusions. Functions will help me keep everything in order. However, I'm not too comfortable with them. I still struggle with the variables and the arrangement of those variables. Practice will help me improve and eventually write a whole program by myself. As always, I look forward to the next challenge. As I progress in this class, I feel more confident on every new assignment.

##Assignment 6
Assignment 6 was much more manageable now that I knew how to properly use functions and how to fix the errors in my code. The class keeps getting a bit challenging and stressful at times, but also the number of things I'm learning is unreal. I was not expecting coding this much throughout this class. I need to practice one or two things to make my coding more efficient and less difficult to code. I'm sure that at the end of this course things will look a lot easier. I'm thinking of looking into some other examples and code them to keep practicing and keep this momentum going.
